copyblocks: add option to bypass duration check for no-compact blocks (#9439)
grafana/mimir: tools/copyblocks/README.md

- Prevents copying blocks multiple times to the same destination bucket by uploading block marker files to the source bucket
- Runs continuously with periodic checks when supplied a time duration with `--copy-period`, otherwise runs one check then exits
- Include or exclude users from having blocks copied (`--enabled-users` and `--disabled-users`)

> - Configurable minimum block duration (`--min-block-duration`) and (`--any-no-compact-block-duration`) to target blocks that are not awaiting compaction

Author: ```suggestion
- Configurable minimum block duration (`--min-block-duration`) and (`--skip-no-compact-block-duration-check`) to target blocks that are not awaiting compaction
```
